Update fungible-asset.mdx (#422)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/smart-contracts/aptos-standards/fungible-asset.mdx

    -  use `fungible_asset::deposit_with_ref` instead of `fungible_asset::deposit` to consume the passed in `FungibleAsset`.
    -  use `fungible_asset::withdraw_with_ref` instead of `fungible_asset::withdraw` to generate the `FungibleAsset` for customize withdraw operation.
- Avoid calling into any functions defined in `dispatchable_fungible_asset` and `primary_fungible_store`.
    - It is ok to call inline functions defined in those two modules.
    - Calling other functions in those two modules could result in errors upon transfer.

More details of why these limitation is necessary could be found in the [AIP](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/AIPs/blob/main/aips/aip-73.md).

### Register the hook function

Once you have the functions implemented, use the api defined in `dispatchable_fungible_asset::register_dispatch_functions` to bind the function with your fungible asset.

```move filename="register_dispatch"
public fun register_dispatch_functions(
    constructor_ref: &ConstructorRef,
    withdraw_function: Option<FunctionInfo>,
    deposit_function: Option<FunctionInfo>,
    derived_balance_function: Option<FunctionInfo>,
)
```

> Note that this `register_dispatch_functions` takes `Option<FunctionInfo>` as input. This is because we can specify for withdraw/deposit/balance operation if we want to use the override logic or the vanilla logic. When `option::none()` is passed in, this fungible asset would just default to the vanilla withdraw/deposit/balance logic. The `constructoor_ref` is the reference for the metadata object of your fungible asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">
    This function takes `Option<FunctionInfo>` as inputs.  Any functions that are provided `option::none()` will use the default behavior.  The `constructor_ref` must be for your fungible asset metadata object at creation time.
</Callout>
```

> Function info can be constructed using the following api:
> 
> ```move filename="new_function_info"
> public fun new_function_info(module_signer: &signer, module_name: String, function_name: String): FunctionInfo
> ```
> 
> For security reason you will need to pass in the signer of the module in order to create a `FunctionInfo` refering to functions in this module. Pass in the `module_name` and `function_name` of the withdraw/deposit implementation function 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Function info can be constructed using the following function:

```move filename="new_function_info"
module 0x1::dispatchable_fungible_asset {
    public fun new_function_info(module_signer: &signer, module_name: String, function_name: String): FunctionInfo
}
```

For security, you will need to pass in the signer of the module to create the `FunctionInfo` functions in the module.  If using the previous example you would call:

```move 
module 0x42::my_fungible_asset {
    use aptos_framework::string;
    use aptos_framework::object;
    use aptos_framework::primary_fungible_store;
    use aptos_framework::dispatchable_fungible_asset;

    fun create_fungible_asset(module_signer: &signer, /* ... */) {
        // Make the deposit override function info
        let deposit_override = dispatchable_fungible_asset::new_function_info(
            module_signer, 
            string::utf8(b"example"), 
            string::utf8("deposit")
        );
        
        // Create the fungible asset
        let constructor_ref = object::create_sticky_object( /* ... */);
  
  
  
  primary_fungible_store::create_primary_store_enabled_fungible_asset(&constructor_ref, ...);
        // or below if not having primary stores
        // fungible_asset::add_fungibility(&constructor_ref, /* ... */);

        // Override default functionality for deposit
        dispatchable_fungible_asset::register_dispatch_functions(
            &constructor_ref,
            option::none(),
            option::some(deposit_override),
            option::none()
        );

        // ...
    }

    // ...
}
```
````

### Interacting with dispatchable fungible asset

> For users using `primary_fungible_store` to manage assets, no change is required to interact with assets that has dispatchable hook set up. Aptos Framework can automatically invoke the dispatch logic if a hook is set up. 
> 
> For users using secondary `FungibleStore` to interact with assets, `fungible_asset::withdraw/deposit` would fail on asset that has the hook function registered. In order to interact with those asset class, you should use  `dispatchable_fungible_asset::withdraw/deposit` instead. These apis will be an in-place replacement for `fungible_asset::withdraw/deposit` and can handle assets regardless whether as hook has been registered or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users using `primary_fungible_store` to manage assets, no change is required to interact with dispatchable fungible assets. This functionality will be automatically invoked.

For users using secondary `FungibleStore`s to interact with assets, `fungible_asset::withdraw` and `fungible_asset::deposit` will fail on assets that have the hook function registered. Instead use  `dispatchable_fungible_asset::withdraw` or `dispatchable_fungible_asset::deposit`. 

The `dispatchable_fungible_asset` versions are a drop-in replacement and work with functions that do not have hooks registered.
```
